Q1-
SRS Documentation for 'Online Ticket Booking System'-

Functional Requirements:-
1. The Application must show the user all the available means of transportation from his/her location to the desired (entered designation).

2. The application must show the choice of option among the available means of transportation along with fare.

3. The application should also provide a page to compare the fare and services among all service providers.

4.The application should also provide the means to book more than one ticket but that to in a single vehicle.

5. The application should apply location technology to know the location of user and show relevent transportation means available.

6.Application should also allow user to book ticket from another city desipite of his/her location(To allow to book for someone else). Also it should allow for an user to book more than one seat as more than one person can be travelling along. 

7. The application must also come with money transfer arrangement  inorder to confirm booking which should provide the option for credit cards,debit cards and UPI.

8. The application should then generate a copy of a succesful transaction along with start point, destination, time of boarding and time of arrival and date of the journey. 

9. The applicaton must provide a facility to book a ticket/s in advance.

10. The application must provide for the facility to cancel tickets before a mentioned time as shown by the application and provide for the refund if applicable.
                                                                         
                                                                     Q2
@Business Entities of online ticket booking for airplanes, buses and trains:-
1.User 
2.Airplane company 
3. BusCompany / Govt. Best Service.
4.Train company.
5.Scheduling entity of all the means of travelling bodies.

@Business Operations required while developing the OTB system:-
1.Memorandum of understanding should be signed by both online application providing comapny and actual transportation providing company regarding all the possible terms and conditions of both parties about services.
2.Amalgamation of all the means of tranportation under one application must be done.
3. Documentation regarding money handling between application making softaware comapnay and transport company considering refund policies must be carried out.
4.The terms and condition between application making software comapny and transportation company should be made clear.
5. Also the documentaion of the actions in the case of unusual scenarios should be agreed upon by both the parties i.e. software company and transportation comapny.
